
Hello World!

My name is REDA ELKHOLFI, and this is my CS50BX 2021 Final Project!

Let me start the journey to the current project with the following phrase:

"The development process of the current project is severely limited by my 
 lack of understanding of what I am doing"

Okay, I do have at least some understanding of what I am doing but I still
wanted to add the phrase somehow into the project. However, this phrase
describes quite accurately the feelings of not only myself but most likely
other CS50BX students at some point through our learning journey. Perhaps,
even around the same place, which was from Week 6 and forward. I also find
extremely helpful the fact that CS50BX is built in my opinion to make us, as 
developers, to just feel comfortable while having a feeling like that. learning
how to power through lack of understanding by acquiring more information is by
far the most valuable skill I have learned in CS50BX. Even though this is the
first file I created for the project, I have done several steps to get here.

Here is a small recap of the journey so far:
-I researched what IDE or code editor I was going to use. My answer is VSCode.
 Next up, I also needed to figure out how it works and some tips and tricks.
 For this purpose, the Get Started tutorials that pop-up upon first start-up
 of VS Code proved extremely useful. 

-I learnt through CS50X various commands for the terminal that were very
 handy. However, I discovered that those commands are linux-based, and 
 sure enough, I am running Windows, so I researched on how to set up 
 that terminal into my system, and did it quite easily by following the
 Microsoft tutorials about WSL2 (Windows Subsystem for Linux 2). The set-up
 process was pretty straight forward by just following a few commands.

And well, this might be the end of this first file. I am indeed aware that 
I havent even mentioned what my project is (yes, I promise I do know what 
my project will be at this stage), but, as for the project specification,
a Readme.md file is required, and that is indeed the next step I am taking.

Still, you might have guessed it, even though I have dealt with markdown
syntax before (Rmd or R markdown files), it was a while ago and under an 
extremely different context, so I will teach myself how to create it, and
also, how to make it pretty and well styled, to a point I would feel
comfortable running a style50 check on it and bet on receiving a "Looks good!".

The rest of the project background and info will be found on the Readme.md 
file that will exist by the time you are reviewing this starting notes about
my project.

I'm REDA ELKHOLFI, and this was Project Introduction
